Q1. (a) For 8-stage multiplication pipeline, for each stage, the minimal cycle time I find is 4.5ns. 
        For the whole multiplier, the minimal cycle time is 5ns, which is slightly higher than each 
        stage's cycle time, due to the combinational circuit delay.

    (b) Given 8-stage multiplier, it needs at least 8 clock cycles to finish the multiplication.
        In other words, in the best case, the total latency is: latency = 8 * 5 = 40ns.

Q2. 4-stage multiplier: For each stage: minimal cycle time = 7ns
                        For whole multiplier: minimal cycle time = 7.5ns
                        Whole latency = 7.5 * 4 = 30ns

    2-stage multiplier: For each stage: minimal cycle time = 12ns
                        For whole multiplier: minimal cycle time = 12.5ns
                        Whole latency = 12.5 * 2 = 25ns

Q3. It seems reasonable. First, the cycle time for the whole multiplier is slightly higher
    than the cycle time for each stage. This is due to the small overhead caused by additional 
    combinational circuit delay in each stage. 

    Second, if we reduce the number of stages, the computational
    overhead in each cycle or in each stage will increase. For example, in 8-stage
    multiplier, in each cycle, it computes the multiplication between two 8-bits numbers.
    While in 4-stage multiplier, in each cycle, it computes the multiplication between
    two 16-bits numbers. Thus, the cycle time increases when the number of stage decreases.

    Third, the total latency may decrease or increase, depending on the trade-off between
    number of stages and the cycle time for each stage. If we switch from 8-stage multiplier
    to 4-stage multiplier, the number of stage decreases, but the corresponding cycle time also
    increases. We need to do the calculations to determine the latency change.

Q4. After trying several different clock period, I find the minimal clock period is also 5ns, which is the
    same as the clock period for 8-stage multiplier.

Q5. Given the implementation, it takes 599 clock cycles to finish one ISR calculation. So the time for calculating
    the square root of 1001 would be: latency = 599 * 5 = 2995ns.

    I would expect a performance gain if I use 2-stage multiplier. As calculated in Q2, the latency of 2-stage multiplier
    is lower than 8-stage multiplier. Although it may have higher clock period, the number of clock cycle for each 
    calculation will reduce, which further reduces the latency.